What do you think you are now the acting president of the group
spirit
Brother, this person is really scary
What's up?
Last night?
What have you experienced?
he
sister-in-law
Sister-in-law's best friend
Hey, but then again?
Cousin, do you really want to talk to your sister-in-law?
You talk nonsense
What about your girl three years ago?
Hey
You are not afraid of people
Then you are irresponsible.
Okay, okay, I'm autistic
I am responsible
I will definitely be negative
Cousin, have you covered it?
Delete photos immediately
Find out the comments or hands
Let him part ways
Crazy, I'm the best at doing this kind of thing
Good evening.
This is yours.
That would be embarrassing.
If I ask you who shot this, what's your hurry?
Of course I took the photo.